feat: add `array/base/map` (#5346)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/array/base/map/README.md

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var map = require( '@stdlib/array/base/map' );
```

#### map( x, fcn\[, thisArg] )

Applies a callback function to elements in an input array and assigns results to elements in a new output array.

```javascript
var naryFunction = require( '@stdlib/utils/nary-function' );
var abs = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/abs' );

var x = [ -1.0, -2.0, -3.0, -4.0 ];

var y = map( x, naryFunction( abs, 1 ) );
// returns [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ]
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **x**: input array.
-   **fcn**: callback function.
-   **thisArg**: callback execution context (_optional_).

To set the callback function's execution context, provide a `thisArg`.

<!-- eslint-disable no-invalid-this -->

```javascript
function count( x ) {
    this.count += 1;
    return x;
}

var x = [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ];

var ctx = {
    'count': 0
};

var y = map( x, count, ctx );
// returns [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ]

var v = ctx.count;
// returns 4
```

The callback function is provided the following arguments:

-   **value**: current array element.
-   **index**: current element index.
-   **arr**: input array.

> #### map.assign( x, y, fcn\[, thisArg] )

Reviewer: @headlessNode You need to support a stride and offset parameter. See, e.g., https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/array/base/cuevery-by#cueverybyassign-x-out-stride-offset-predicate-thisarg--.

Applies a callback function to elements in an input array and assigns results to elements in an output array.

```javascript
var naryFunction = require( '@stdlib/utils/nary-function' );
var zeros = require( '@stdlib/array/base/zeros' );
var abs = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/abs' );

var x = [ -1.0, -2.0, -3.0, -4.0 ];

var y = zeros( x.length );

var out = map.assign( x, y, naryFunction( abs, 1 ) );
// returns [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ]

var bool = ( out === y );
// returns true
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **x**: input array.
-   **y**: output array.
-   **fcn**: callback function.
-   **thisArg**: callback execution context (_optional_).

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   If provided an array-like object having a `map` method, the function defers execution to that method and assumes that the method API has the following signature:

    ```text
    x.map( fcn, thisArg )
    ```

> -   The functions support array-like objects having getter and setter accessors for array element access (e.g., [`@stdlib/array/base/accessor`][@stdlib/array/base/accessor]).

Author: ```suggestion
-   The function supports array-like objects having getter and setter accessors for array element access (e.g., [`@stdlib/array/base/accessor`][@stdlib/array/base/accessor]).
```

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var map = require( '@stdlib/array/base/map' );
```

#### map( x, fcn\[, thisArg] )

Applies a callback function to elements in an input array and assigns results to elements in a new output array.

```javascript
var naryFunction = require( '@stdlib/utils/nary-function' );
var abs = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/abs' );

var x = [ -1.0, -2.0, -3.0, -4.0 ];

var y = map( x, naryFunction( abs, 1 ) );
// returns [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ]
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **x**: input array.
-   **fcn**: callback function.
-   **thisArg**: callback execution context (_optional_).

To set the callback function's execution context, provide a `thisArg`.

<!-- eslint-disable no-invalid-this -->

```javascript
function count( x ) {
    this.count += 1;
    return x;
}

var x = [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ];

var ctx = {
    'count': 0
};

var y = map( x, count, ctx );
// returns [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ]

var v = ctx.count;
// returns 4
```

The callback function is provided the following arguments:

-   **value**: current array element.
-   **index**: current element index.
-   **arr**: input array.

> #### map.assign( x, y, strideX, offsetX, fcn\[, thisArg] )

Reviewer: @headlessNode The stride and offset should apply to `y`, not `x`.

Reviewer: `assign` APIs conventionally have an output collection and an output stride and offset. The input array is assumed to be contiguous.
